This is known as the holding the lineage of the scripture and holding the lineage of the meaning of
that scripture.
In order to be there, in a Tibetan Buddhism, it is very known as shedra and drubdra.
Drubdra is the practicing, keeping up the meaning of the teaching and shedra is the teaching that
we are keeping up.
The exiling the teaching itself. So, with it studying, with it contemplating, put together
upholding the teaching with it three manners.
Those are known as Den, as like, what's it called? Three Valet Dettas, which is known as Den.
They are Perception Valet Dettas and as well as Emperance Valet Dettas.
And then with it, as well as, according to the instructions of the teachings, that, through that,
and then developing Valet.
Valet, which is often known as Den, Yichigipatam, something that you develop your confidence,
understand why that was.
Two Valet Dettas, through that two Valet Dettas, then you develop.
The third one, that's something that is led further to use our own Emperance technique, because it
's something far.
And for example, and this is just an example, as we at the beginning of time, what I said, Buddha
said,
from the time of the Rev. Jungkor Jung, until that number is A, he contributed to the fifty-five
pardons.
The great Buddha, and met practice, received teaching, he never bowled in time.
This word, similar like this word, something that we really don't have exactly through here, right
here, that, that.
But however, with the trusty word of the teaching, Buddha himself, that looking, kind of comparing
throughout all the teachings,
from the Hinayana, all the Vedayana, his words, his statements, what is contradicting or not.
Looking through all that, there is no contradictions. Everything falls in its own space and the
support to activating the understanding of the deeper meanings
in each and every level is moving forward. Therefore, therefore, what every teaching looks like,
very principle looks worth it.
Therefore, we can count in his words. And plus, without the cause and condition, such realization
or such achievement cannot happen.
Happen, and that is, again, through the evidence of looking the cause and conditions and its result
, effort.
Looking that, there is no result, good result, welcome the good cause and conditions, obviously in
the world.
So therefore, putting all those, putting everything, putting together, then this heart, wallet,
cognition, evidence, that must be.
That must be because all is correct. All is correct. Therefore, this must be true.
And this also, in a way, everything has cause and condition, that which is developing.
So such as the realization of this, like Buddha, is not going to come by itself like that.
Therefore, and it is. Therefore, we can walk. We can walk to our practice in meditation to continue
pursuing as the role model of the Buddha Shakyamuni,
the role model of the Gurdakama Sambhava, and all those great masters of both India and Tibet, they
are our role models.
And we put our effort and our love, our devotion, as they did, we have every right, every
opportunity that we will get similar realization.
And that what they said, that was proved, and that's what I see in the related world. If things are
cause and conditions are perfect, there is no powers, powers to develop it.
No push, push, push to develop the result. No way, no way, Jose. Truly, no way, Jose. There is no
way, Jose, that we will get the result.
We will get the result. If there is a cause and conditions are perfect, there is no stop. No stop.
The result will come in evidence. And that's true. We cannot deny. We cannot deny. And we cannot
deny that. That's the way. Thanks all.
Therefore, take the role models of this. Then, we practice, we study. So in that level, then
practicing the academic level of the script lineage is known as the Chaita.
And then, practice meaning of what you study, and practice that with meditation and practice. That
is known as the Dripa.
As I said the other day, we had a great opportunity to combine Thogadhi. In numerous schools
between Buddhism, they don't separate these two, both combined Thogadhi.
As our great Kithi Pradhi Shiramud mentioned so many times, he highlighted that there is no separ
ations. Both are union.
Practice time, you starting too. And starting time, you practice. It's not just east and west. I
joined Thogadhi.
This is known as union of the practice and study. In Tibet, it is known as Khedra Sundar. That is,
Khedra is studying, Dripa is practicing, and combine Thogadhi.
Combine Thogadhi with joy, with appreciation, with humility, with the symbol, respect and
appreciation, carrying the bodhicitta, fill the heart with the bodhicitta, kindness and compassion,
thought, and reflecting that.
That is the practice of Dripa. They have humble humility, respect and then open mind, looking
forward, not saying in the past.
Practice means we are futuristic. We are moving forward with vision, with goal, with bright opening
, eyes of the wisdom and activating our inner beauties.
And the beauties that we are around and surrounded in a continuing movement. That is the whole map
and identity of the practice. Not just close and tight and forced.
That is not the way. That's what the great great Buddha told at the very beginning of the time.
When he gave to the teachings of the five disciples, all, not the narcissistic way, not the luxury
way, and the middle way, it's the our way.
Middle way is the natural way. It's not just our way. It is the way of the natural. That's how all
things are developed.
When you look to the inner extent, cause and the condition, for example, we therefore perfectly
balance it, we will develop the result.
If anything is extreme, we won't get the result. Ask and we won't get the fruit. Ask to the like
nurseries. We can ask them, nurseries, how we get good flowers, how we get good fruits.
Ask them and balance harmonize that way we activate it.
With this understanding, now we follow with the teachings continually and today.